Enumerate service modes with explicit values (#1249)
jamesog/cloudflare-go: .changelog/1249.txt

```release-note:enhancement

> service_mode_v2: update `Mode` field to use new `ServiceMode` string type with explicit const service mode values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
devices_policy: update `Mode` field to use new `ServiceMode` string type with explicit const service mode values
```
